marketplace(mɑːrkɪtpleɪs)thị trường
baguette(bæˈɡet)bánh mì dài
exclude(ɪkˈskluːd): loại trừ
bitter(bɪtər)đắng
gauge(ɡeɪdʒ)máy đo
blanket(blæŋkɪt)cái mền
landing(lændɪŋ)đổ bộ
scientist(saɪəntɪst)nhà khoa học
review(rɪˈvju:)bài đánh giá
ethic(eθɪk)đạo đức
psychology(saɪˈkɑːlədʒi)tâm lý học
enduring(ɪnˈdʊrɪŋ)lâu dài
aisle(aɪl)lối đi
refuse(rɪˈfjuːz)từ chối
regulate(reɡjuleɪt)quy định
miniature(mɪnətʃər)thu nhỏ
ambitious(æmˈbɪʃəs)đầy tham vọng
platform(plætfɔːrm)sân ga
respectable(rɪˈspektəlbl)đáng kính trọng
respective(rɪˈspektɪv)tương ứng
underline(ʌndərˈlaɪn)gạch chân
uncover(ʌnˈkʌvər)phát hiện
cause(kɔːz)gây ra
extensive(ɪkˈstensɪv)diện rộng
blaze(bleɪz)rực lửa
faulty(fɔːlti)bị lỗi
heater(hiːtər)lò sưởi
legal(liːɡl)hợp pháp, pháp lý
warehouse(werhaʊs)nhà kho
numerous(nuːmərəs)nhiều
tire(taɪər)lốp xe
brake(breɪk)phanh
shock absorber(ʃɑːk əbzɔːrbər)giảm xóc
minor(maɪnər)nhỏ
fender(fendər)tấm chắn bùn
rear(rɪr)phần phía sau
bumper(bʌmpər)chắn trước xe
transportation(trænspərˈteɪʃn)vận chuyển
weekday(wiːkdeɪ)các ngày làm việc trong tuần
itinerary(aɪˈtɪnəreri)hành trình
catalog(kætəlɔːɡ)danh mục
ceramic(səˈræmɪk)gốm
vase(veɪz)bình hoa
exquisite(ɪkˈskwɪzɪt)tinh tế
ladybug(leɪdibɜːrd)bọ rùa
lifetime(laɪftaɪm)cả đời
agent(eɪdʒənt)đại lý
therapist(θerəpɪst)nhà trị liệu
conference(kɑːnfərəns)hội nghị
blower(bləʊər)máy thổi
construction(kənˈstrʌkʃn)xây dựng
rink(rɪŋk)sân băng
bonfire(bɑːnfaɪə)lửa trại
playground(pleɪɡraʊnd)sân chơi
notify(nəʊtɪfaɪ)thông báo
behalf(bɪˈhæf)thay mặt
authorization(ɔːθərəˈzeɪʃn)ủy quyền
skate(skeɪt)giày trượt băng
scorpion(skɔːrpiən)bọ cạp
removal(rɪˈmuːvl)gỡ bỏ
figure(fɪɡjər)số liệu
boat(bəʊt)thuyền
similarity(sɪməˈlærəti)điểm tương đồng
steadily(stedəli)đều đặn
reporter(rɪˈpɔːrtər)phóng viên
reaction(riˈækʃn)phản ứng
mayor(meɪər)thị trưởng
shareholder(ʃerhəʊldər)cổ đông
calm(kɑːm)điềm tĩnh
battlefield(bætlfiːld)chiến trường
venture(ventʃər)mạo hiểm
founder(faʊndər)người đồng sáng lập
optimistic(ɑːptɪˈmɪstɪk)lạc quan
concerto(kənˈtʃertəʊ)bản giao hưởng
honor(ɑːnər)vinh dự
replacement(rɪˈpleɪsmənt)sự thay thế
heat(hiːt)nhiệt
heating(hiːtɪŋ)sưởi
mirror(mɪrər)phản ánh
layout(leɪaʊt)cách bố trí
tailored(teɪlərd)phù hợp
eliminate(ɪˈlɪmɪneɪt)loại bỏ
definitive(dɪˈfɪnətɪv)dứt khoát
assessment(əˈsesmənt)đánh giá
urge(ɜːrdʒ)thúc giục
determiner(dɪˈtɜːrmɪnər)từ hạn định
article(ɑːrtɪkl)mạo từ
appendix(əˈpendɪks)phụ lục
fabulous(fæbjələs)tuyệt vời
reasonable(riːznəbl)hợp lý
unfair(ʌnˈfer)không công bằng
camcorder(kæmkɔːrdər)máy quay phim